And that's what happened.
Close to joining the Yamaguchi Group
It's all the meaning of the master
I arrived early yesterday morning
And he told me everything.
There is really no oath
It turned out to be Master's arrangement
Why didn't you tell me?
This is Master
The shepherd knows you
Also understand me
You have always been resolute
A talented general, but not good at strategy
Not handsome
The situation of Kameda's five internal organs is cautious and suspicious
If I let you know Master's plan in advance
In case it is exposed
It will be very unfavorable to Lin Jing
Only hide from you
approaching
In order to pass the test and temptation of Guida Musashi
Senior sister means that I have big breasts and no brains.
I only know how to fight
That's not what I meant.
You're only half right.
Say you're brainless, I admit it
Say you have big breasts
You don't have a point in your heart.
Senior sister
I'm not like you.
I don't like fighting
Master knows that I have always been calm in my work
That's why he tells you before he takes action
I am the queen of Senluo Hall today
Have you go to the red dust and ask me to come out of the mountain
Complete his next plan
Fuck you cunning women
I'll let you
Shut up for me
Let him go let him go